NOW LETS GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
JUST DON'T
FORGET, GREIGER...
WE NEED YOU TO BRING
OUT YUSEI'S MARK.
GREIGER KNOWS WHAT
THE STAKES ARE.
AND WILL DETERMINE
IF YUSEI'S TRULY
A SIGNER ONCE
AND FOR ALL.
CORRECT?
YES, I SWEAR IT, SIR.
AND ONCE I'M FINISHED
CAN I RELY ON YOUR WORD?
OF COURSE!
YOUR VILLAGE RIGHT?
I WISH THERE WAS
SOMETHING THAT
COULD HAVE BEEN DONE TO
STOP THE DEVASTATION.
HOW IS YOUR FAMILY?
HAVE YOU HEARD
ANYTHING FROM THEM?
NOTHING YET.
I HOPE THAT THEY
ARE ALL OKAY.
OH, I'M SURE
THAT THEY ARE!
HMM.
YOU CAN'T TRUST
GOODWIN'S WORD,
GREIGER.
DON'T YOU SEE
YOU'RE BEING USED!
IF IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO REBUILD MY VILLAGE,
THEN I'LL LET HIM USE
ME ALL HE WANTS, YUSEI.
YOU'RE A GOOD GUY...
AND IN A PERFECT WORLD
WE'D BOTH GET WHAT
WE WANT IN THE ARENA
TOMORROW.
BUT... THE WORLD
ISN'T PERFECT.
ONE OF US HAS
TO LOSE.
AND TOMORROW IT'S
GOING TO BE YOU!
MC: WELCOME BACK
TO THE SEMI-FINALS
OF THE FORTUNE CUP!
FOUR DUELISTS REMAIN,
AND THE WINNER WILL TAKE
ON JACK ATLAS IN
THE CHAMPIONSHIP DUUUUUUUEL!
FIRST UP IN OUR TURBO DUEL,
WE'VE GOT YUSEI FUDO
SQUARING OFF AGAINST
THE TOWER OF POWER: GREIGER!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
LET'S HEAR IT FOR YUSEI!
WILL YOU LOOK AT THAT!
IT'S THE MOST INCREDIBLE DUEL
RUNNER I'VE EVER SEEN!
IT'S A WHOPPER
OF A CHOPPER!
IT'S THE WHEELS
WITH APPEAL!
LADIES AND GENTLEMAN:
IT'S GREIGER
AND HIS BEEEEEEEAST!
Tanner: THAT'S SOME
DUEL RUNNER?!
YUSEI'S GONNA HAVE HIS
WORK CUT OUT FOR HIM.
I SUMMON: FLYING
FORTRESS SKY FIRE!
I HATE TO DO THIS
TO YOU, YUSEI,
BUT LIKE I TOLD
YOU LAST NIGHT,
ONE OF US HAS TO LOSE,
AND TODAY IT'S YOU!!
JUST FACE IT FRIEND:
YOU CAN'T MAKE A MOVE
WITHOUT GETTING HURT!
MY FAMILY NEEDS ME,
WHICH MEANS THAT YOU'RE
GONNA HAVE TO LOSE
THIS MATCH, YUSEI!
ERR!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
MC: WE'RE GOING INTO ROUND THREE
OF THIS NERVE-WRACKING DUEL,
AND GRIEGER'S NOW
IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT!
IT'S MY TURN.
FLYING FORTRESS
SKY FIRE,
TAKE OUT YUSEI'S
SPEED WARRIOR!
OHH.
UNH!
MC: YUSEI HAS TAKEN A LASHING!
HE'S SPINNING OUT,
HE'S GONNA... WAIT, NO!
HE'S MANAGED
TO GAIN CONTROL.
BUT THAT DIRECT ATTACK
HAS FORCED YUSEI
TO SHIFT GEARS
AND HIS GAME PLAN
AS IT LOOKS LIKE
THE 2100 POINTS OF DAMAGE
HE TOOK COST HIM ALL THE SPEED
COUNTERS HE GAINED SO FAR.
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
IT'LL BE HARD
TO CATCH UP.
HUH. YOU SEEM LIKE A NICE
ENOUGH GUY, YUSEI.
BUT YOU GOTTA FALL...
CAUSE I'VE GOT TOO MUCH
RIDING ON THIS DUEL
TO RISK LOSING IT.
AND SO DO I!
[THINKING]
WITH SKY FIRE
ON THE FIELD,
HE CAN DESTROY
THE FIRST CARD I
PLAY EVERY TURN, SO...
FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON SHIELD WARRIOR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GRUNTING]
TOO BAD YOUR WARRIOR
CAN'T SHIELD ITSELF
FROM MY ASSAULT!
REMEMBER...
WHEN YOU PLAY A CARD...
THAT CARD IS DESTROYED,
AND SKY FIRE RAINS
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FROM ABOVE.
MC: YUSEI SPINS OUT AGAIN!
Greiger: I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
GREIGER IS SERIOUSLY
WIPING THE TRACK WITH YUSEI!
THE KID'S GOT
NO SPEED COUNTERS...
NO MONSTERS ON HIS FIELD...
IF GREIGER NAILS HIM
WITH A DIRECT ATTACK
ON THIS NEXT TURN,
YUSEI'S FORTUNE CUP
WILL BE OVER.
HE'S DONE!
GREIGER'S GOT HIM TO
WHERE HE CAN'T EVEN
SUMMON A MONSTER
WITHOUT THE THING GETTING
OBLITERATED
RIGHT AWAY!
MAN, GREIGER
WON'T QUIT.
HE'S JUST A HULKING
TOWER OF RUTHLESSNESS.
YOU DIDN'T NOTICE
THAT WHEN YOU WERE
DUELING HIM?
LEO WAS JUST TOO
EXCITED TO BE DUELING
IN THE TOURNAMENT
TO NOTICE THINGS
LIKE HIS OPPONENT.
Tanner: I WOULDN'T
PUT THIS DUEL
IN THE BOOKS JUST YET.
YUSEI CAN WIN THIS.
HE CAN?
YOU BETCHA. NOW WHAT
DO WE KNOW ABOUT
THIS FLYING FORTRESS
SKY FIRE OF GREIGER'S?
WELL, WE KNOW
IT'S BIG,
WE KNOW IT'S LOUD,
WE KNOW
IT'S POWERFUL,
AND WE KNOW
THAT ONCE A TURN,
IT DESTROYS
A CARD YUSEI PLAYS
THE SECOND
HE PLAYS IT.
AND AS SOON AS
GREIGER DESTROYED
SHIELD WARRIOR, YUSEI
PLACED A CARD FACEDOWN.
I GET IT!
YOU'RE THINKING
THE SUMMONING
OF SHIELD WARRIOR
WAS A DIVERSION!
MM-HMM.
HIS REAL GOAL WAS
THAT FACEDOWN.
I'LL BET YOU A CORN DOG,
THAT CARD'S
A GAME CHANGER,
LIKE MIRROR FORCE.
[THINKING]
YUSEI HAS TWO
FACEDOWN CARDS...
LET'S SEE IF YOU'RE
CLEVER ENOUGH
TO FIGURE OUT
HIS GAME, GREIGER...
IT'S MY TURN!
[THINKING]
AND I'M SURE ONE
OF HIS FACEDOWNS
COULD TURN THE TABLES...
SO I'M GONNA HAVE
TO TURN 'EM FIRST!
YUSEI, YOU'RE
A VERY SKILLFUL DUELIST,
BUT SO AM I.
YOU MIGHT THINK YOUR
FACEDOWNS ARE SAFE,
BUT YOU BETTER
THINK AGAIN,
BECAUSE I'VE GOT YOUR
STRATEGY ALL FIGURED OUT...
I KNOW YOU'RE FIGHTING
TO HELP YOUR FRIENDS,
BUT I CAN'T LET YOU
STOP ME FROM COMPLETING
MY MISSION,
AND THAT'S WHY
I'M WILLING
TO TAKE THE NECESSARY RISKS
TO DESTROY ANY CHANCES
YOU HAVE OF WINNING
THIS DUEL.
BUT I KNOW THIS WON'T
BE AN EASY TASK
TO ACCOMPLISH, SO DON'T
EXPECT ME TO PULL
ANY PUNCHES, CAUSE I PLAN
ON USING EVERY CARD I HAVE
IN MY DECK TO MAKE SURE
THAT I'M THE ONE TAKING
THE VICTORY LAP.
HERE I COME!
BEHIND YOU, YUSEI!
GET READY FOR
A DIRECT ASSAULT!
THAT'S WHAT I
WAS HOPING FOR.
BUT WHY?
SO I CAN PLAY
WASTELAND TORNADO.
NOW I CAN USE THIS CARD TO
LAY WASTE TO ONE TRAP CARD.
AND THE CARD I'M
DESTROYING IS...
LIMITER BREAK!
WHY ARE YOU DESTROYING
YOUR OWN CARD?
'CAUSE THIS CARD'S
DESTRUCTION GIVES ME
THE POWER TO SUMMON
SPEED WARRIOR
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND WITH A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
I WON'T TAKE ANY DAMAGE.
YOU MAY HAVE JUST
DODGED MY ASSAULT.
BUT I STILL MANAGED
TO RID YOU OF ONE
OF YOUR
FACEDOWN CARDS.
AND I DIDN'T HAVE
TO GET RID OF ANY
OF MY OWN CARDS
TO DO IT!
[THINKING]
THIS GUY'S NOT
MESSIN' AROUND.
HE FIGURED OUT
MY GAME PLAN.
TANNER... HE DIDN'T
PLAY MIRROR FORCE.
WHERE'S DEX'S CORNDOG?
WELL, WE NEVER SHOOK.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE!
GO, YUSEI!
RALLY...
FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON MASSIVE WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
WITH ANOTHER MONSTER
SUMMONED,
ANOTHER MONSTER
GETS LEVELED.
AND ANOTHER 800 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE
ARE COMING YOUR WAY
DUE TO MY SKY FIRE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
[ROARS]
HUH!
MC: WOAH! GREIGER HAS
LAPPED YUSEI!
I'M PLAYING
THE SPEED SPELL
ZERO REVERSE...
Computer: ZERO REVERSE ALLOWS
YOU TO RE-SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT WAS DESTROYED
BY AN EFFECT THIS TURN.
HOWEVER, THIS MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BECOME ZERO.
AND NOW I RESUMMON
MASSIVE WARRIOR.
WHY WOULD HE SUMMON
A MONSTER THAT
CAN'T ATTACK?
ALMOST FORGOT!
HERE... FOR GOOD LUCK.
WHAT IS IT, RALLY?
TURBO BOOSTER!
WASN'T THIS YOUR
FATHER'S CARD?
I WANT YOU TO TAKE IT.
LIKE MY DAD ALWAYS SAYS,
"YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN YOU
MIGHT NEED A BOOST."
REMEMBER, WE'VE
GOT SOMETHING
IN COMMON, GREIGER.
WE'RE BOTH OUT
FOR OUR OWN.
AND IF I PLAN
ON WINNING THIS BATTLE,
I'LL NEED MY FRIENDS
TO GET ME TO
THE FINISH LINE
THIS IS FOR YOU, RALLY!
AND THE REST OF MY PALS!
I SUMMON TURBO BOOSTER
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, MASSIVE WARRIOR,
ATTACK GREIGER'S
SKY FIRE!
YOU'RE JUST SENDING
YOUR MONSTER TO ITS DOOM.
NOT WITH TURBO BOOSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
YOU SEE BY RELEASING
THIS CARD,
I CAN TAKE DOWN
A MONSTER OF YOURS
AS LONG AS IT'S FIGHTING
AGAINST ONE OF MINE.
BUT BECAUSE OF THE BATTLE,
I'M STILL ABLE
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
I DON'T THINK SO.
MASSIVE WARRIOR CAN
MAKE MY BATTLE DAMAGE
BECOME ZERO.
HUH?
I RELEASE
TURBO BOOSTER!
WOAH! TALK ABOUT A COMEBACK!
YUSEI HAS BLASTED GREIGER'S
SKY FIRE OUTTA THE SKY!
HUH?!
AAH!
INCREDIBLE!
YUSEI HAS DESTROYED
GREIGER'S SKY FIRE,
OH, THE HUMANITY!
YOU MAY HAVE GROUNDED
MY AIR ASSAULT
BUT LET'S SEE
HOW YOU HANDLE
MY CHARIOT PILE TRAP CARD!
OH, NO!
YOU WON'T DEFEAT ME,
YUSEI.
THERE'S TOO MUCH
AT STAKE HERE.
DIRECTOR GOODWIN,
THE NEXT MATCH IS
ABOUT TO BEGIN,
AND WE DIDN'T WANT
TO START WITHOUT YOU.
Greiger:
TURN THIS SIGNAL OFF!
HEY WAIT A SECOND.
YOU'RE NOT THE DIRECTOR.
WHO IS THIS?
THAT OFFICE
IS OFF LIMITS.
[THINKING]
AND SO WAS
MY VILLAGE.
NOW LET'S SEE WHAT
YOUR HIDING, GOODWIN.
I KNEW IT!
IT'S ALL RIGHT HERE
IN YOUR PERSONAL FILES.
YOU WERE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DESTRUCTION
OF MY VILLAGE.
AAH!
I'LL GET YOU, GOODWIN...
I RESPECT YOU AS
A DUELIST, YUSEI,
BUT I HAVE SOMETHING
I MUST DO.
AND YOU'RE JUST
A ROADBLOCK STANDING
IN MY WAY.
CHARIOT PILE'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES!
SO ONCE A TURN
MY CHARIOT CAN HIT YOU
FOR 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR LIFE
POINTS ARE ABOUT TO GET
SPEARED, YUSEI.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU CAN
OUTRUN MY ATTACK...
MAYBE, BUT I CAN
CERTAINLY OUTMANEUVER IT
BY SACRIFICING
MY MASSIVE WARRIOR.
YOU CAN TRY TO DEFEND
YOURSELF ALL YOU WANT,
BUT YOU'RE ONLY DELAYING
YOUR OWN DEFEAT.
IT'S MY MOVE.
[THINKING]
AND IF I DON'T
PULL THIS COMBO OFF,
I'M DONE FOR...
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD
JUNK SYNCHRON!
TCHA!
AND BECAUSE I
SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED IT OUT,
I CAN ALSO SUMMON
A MONSTER OUT DIRECTLY
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
HYAH!
SO I RE-SUMMON
SPEED WARRIOR!
AND BECAUSE SPEED
WARRIOR'S HERE
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN NOW GIVE HIM
A LITTLE TUNE UP.
THAT WON'T
HELP YOU, YUSEI.
JUNK WARRIOR...
LET'S REV IT UP!
SEND HIS LIFE POINTS
TO THE JUNK PILE!
GO SCRAP FIST!
NOT GOOD ENOUGH, YUSEI!
I'M AFRAID THAT
CHARIOT PILE HAS ANOTHER EFFECT.
WHEN YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKS ME DIRECTLY,
I CAN SACRIFICE
800 LIFE POINTS
TO DEFLECT YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK...
AND DESTROY
YOUR MONSTER!
MAN, YUSEI JUST CAN'T
SEEM TO KEEP A MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
IT'S MY MOVE.
AND I SUMMON BLACK SALVO!
Computer: WHEN YOU SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
BLACK SALVO YOU CAN ALSO
SUMMON ONE LEVEL 4
DARK ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO WITH THE POWER
OF MY BLACK SALVO,
I'M BRINGING BACK MY
TRAP REACTOR Y-FI!
AND NOW I TUNE MY
BLACK SALVO
WITH MY LEVEL 4
TRAP REACTOR Y-FI!
A SYNCHRO SUMMON?
YOUR SURPRISED?
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY
DUELIST WHO USES
SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
I GIVE YOU
DARK STRIKE FIGHTER!
AND NOW IT'S GOING TO
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
NOT IF I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD...
SYNCHRO SPIRITS!
BY REMOVING
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY,
I CAN RE-SUMMON
THE MONSTERS
THAT WERE ORIGINALLY
NEEDED TO SUMMON IT.
SO I'M TAKING
JUNK WARRIOR
OUTTA THE DUEL!
NOW JUNK SYNCHRON
AND SPEED WARRIOR
CAN RETURN
TO THE FIELD.
WHAT'S THIS?
HOW DID HE SURVIVE
THAT ATTACK?
BY TAKING SHIELD WARRIOR
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND REMOVING IT
FROM PLAY,
I CAN NEGATE
ALL BATTLE DAMAGE.
THEN I THINK I'LL ACTIVATE
CHARIOT PILE'S EFFECT!
THE ONLY WAY FOR YOU
TO NEGATE THIS DAMAGE
IS TO SACRIFICE
YOUR OTHER MONSTER.
WELL, THEN THAT'S
EXACTLY WHAT I'M
GOING TO DO!
YOU'VE GOT AN ANSWER
TO EVERYTHING I THROW
YOUR WAY, DON'T YOU?
WELL LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU DO ABOUT
THE ULTIMATE
FLARE TRAP CARD,
WHICH ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
AN ULTIMATE FLARE TOKEN!
ANYONE KNOW
WHAT THAT DOES?
WELL LETS JUST SAY THAT
YUSEI'S ABOUT TO GET
KNOCKED AROUND
FOR ANOTHER
800 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
AND ON TOP OF THAT,
GREIGER'S FIGHTER
CAN NOW DEAL DAMAGE
EQUAL TO 200 TIMES
THE LEVEL
OF THE RELEASED
MONSTER AND...
AND ULTIMATE FLARE TOKEN
IS A LEVEL 10.
THAT MEANS, UUH...
WELL, UHH...
TEN TIMES TWO-HUNDRED
COMES OUT TO
TWO-THOUSAND POINTS
OF DAMAGE.
TWO-THOUSAND?!
I'M AFRAID YOUR FATE
HAS BEEN SEALED, YUSEI!
THERE IS NOTHING THAT
YOU CAN DO TO WIN
THIS TURBO DUEL NOW.
ON MY NEXT TURN
YOU'RE FINISHED!
THINGS ARE LOOKING
HELPLESS FOR YUSEI.
HE'S HOLDING
NO CARDS IN HIS HAND.
ONE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
EVERYTHING DEPENDS
ON HIS NEXT DRAW!
LET'S DO THIS!
THIS SHOULD GET ME
WHERE I WANNA GO.
I SUMMON
TUNING SUPPORTER
IN ATTACK MODE.
NEXT I TUNE
MY JUNK SYNCHRON
TO MY
TUNING SUPPORTER.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
ARMORY ARM!
YOU'RE GRASPING
AT STRAWS, YUSEI.
THAT MONSTER CAN'T DEFEAT
MY DARK STRIKE FIGHTER!
MAYBE NOT, BUT WHEN
TUNING SUPPORTER IS USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
IT ENABLES ME TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD
STRAIGHT TO MY HAND.
YUSEI HAS MANAGED TO
SQUEEZE SOME MORE LIFE
OUT OF HIS
FLOUNDERING DECK!
GO, YUSEI!
MAKE THIS WORK!
YOU CAN DO IT...
IT ALL COMES
DOWN TO THIS.
IF I DON'T DRAW
THE CARD I NEED,
I'M FINISHED.
[THINKING]
HERE I GO.
NOW, IF I DON'T
DRAW THE CARD I NEED,
GREIGER'S GONNA
RUN OVER THE REST
OF MY LIFE POINTS.
WAS THAT A SMILE?
DID I SEE A SMILE?
I ACTIVATE THE SYNCHRO
RETURN SPEED SPELL CARD.
AND AS LONG AS I
HAVE FIVE OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE THIS SPELL
TO SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT I REMOVED
FROM PLAY EARLIER
IN THE DUEL.
SO SAY HELLO AGAIN
TO MY JUNK WARRIOR!
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
ARMORY ARM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
WHAT?!
NOW MY
JUNK WARRIOR GAINS
A THOUSAND MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
AND WITH THAT BOOST
MY JUNK WARRIOR'S
MORE POWERFUL THAN YOUR
DARK STRIKE FIGHTER!
SO YOU KNOW
WHAT'S NEXT!
JUNK WARRIOR,
ATTACK!
[ROARING]
AAH!
AND NEXT I ACTIVATE
ARMORY ARM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND THAT MEANS THAT
THIS DUEL IS OVER.
YOU SAID THAT ONE
OF US WAS GOING TO HAVE
TO LOSE TODAY,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
THAT SOMEONE IS YOU!
IMPOSSIBLE!
[GRUNTING]
AAH!
AAH! AAH!
[GRUNTING]
All: HE DID IT!
YEAH!
I KNEW HE COULD
PULL IT OFF!
THAT WAS
AN AMAZING WIN.
HEY, UH... IF
THE DUEL'S OVER...
HOW COME THOSE
SPIKY THINGS HAVEN'T
VANISHED YET?
Lazar: WELL,
THAT'S TOO BAD.
YUSEI WILL WAKE UP
TO HIS ABILITIES
AS A SIGNER SOON ENOUGH,
WE MUST BE PATIENT.
[THINKING]
IT'S A GOOD THING
YOU LOST, GREIGER.
NOW ALL YUSEI HAS TO
DO IS WIN ONE MORE DUEL
AND THEN HE AND I CAN
SETTLE THINGS ONCE AND FOR ALL.
MC: THAT'S IT, PEOPLE!
AFTER SIX ROUNDS
OF WHITE-KNUCKLE ACTION,
THIS DUEL HAS ROARED
TO A CLOSE
WITH A STUNNING FINALE.
SATELLITE'S SHOOTING STAR
MANAGED TO WHIP OUT
A COME-FROM-BEHIND WIN!
TAKE A VICTORY LAP, YUSEI!
GREIGER,
ARE YOU OKAY?
MC: COME ON, YUSEI,
GIVE US A...
YUSEI...
I'M FINE.
BUT IT'S NOT OVER.
Lazar: WHAT'S GOING ON?
TURN HIS MIC OFF.
OLLY-OLLY-OXEN? HELLO.
IS THING EVEN ON?
TESTING, ONE,
TWO, THREE...
Greiger: I WAS HOPING
TO DO THIS DIFFERENTLY.
BUT IF IT NEEDS TO BE
LIKE THIS, SO BE IT.
WHAT'S HE
TALKIN' ABOUT?
I TOLD YOU ABOUT
MY VILLAGE, YUSEI...
I TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE FIRE
AND THE DESTRUCTION...
BUT I'VE LEARNED
THE TRUTH...
GOODWIN ISN'T GOING
TO HELP ME REBUILD
MY VILLAGE LIKE
HE PROMISED.
HOW COULD HE
WHEN IT ISN'T EVEN
THERE ANYMORE?
WHADDYA MEAN?
LOOK! THAT
WAS MY VILLAGE!
BEFORE GOODWIN
CAME ALONG.
HOW'S HE DOING THAT,
SOMEONE TURN OFF
THE SPHERE!
LET HIM HAVE
HIS MOMENT...
HUH?
I HACKED
INTO GOODWIN'S
PERSONAL FILES
BEFORE THE DUEL
AND DISCOVERED
IT WASN'T
A NATURAL DISASTER.
GOODWIN CAME ALONG
AND DECIDED TO USE
OUR VALLEY AS A LITTLE
TESTING GROUND...
HE TRIED TO RESURRECT
HIS PRECIOUS
CRIMSON DRAGON...
BUT HE COULDN'T
CONTROL THE ENERGY,
IT WAS TOO POWERFUL.
AND THEN...
HE'S GOING TO EXPOSE
EVERYTHING,
WE MUST SILENCE HIM!
UH... AREN'T
YOU CONCERNED?
DON'T WORRY. NO ONE'S
GOING TO BELIEVE HIM.
Greiger:
THE VILLAGE IS GONE!
EVERYONE WHO LIVED
THERE... ALL GONE.
VANISHED.
NOWHERE TO BE FOUND.
GREIGER, ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT ALL OF THIS?
I SAW THE FILES
MYSELF.
I'M CERTAIN
ABOUT IT, YUSEI.
AND NOW GOODWIN'S
GOING TO ANSWER
FOR ALL HIS LIES.
HUH?
GREIGER!
NOW THAT THE WORLD
KNOWS WHAT YOU DID,
IT'S TIME
FOR YOU TO PAY!
TO MY FRIENDS...
MY FAMILY...
MY HOME...
[LAUGHING]
YOUR IVORY TOWER IS
ABOUT TO COME TUMBLING
DOWN, GOODWIN!
[YELLING]
NO!!
YUSEI!?
AAH!
[GROANING]
HOW ARE YOU
DOING THAT!?
YUSEI!
HOW COULD YOU?
I HAD HIM!
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY
THAT GOODWIN LIED
AND USED YOU.
BUT LISTEN;
GOING AFTER HIM
WON'T SOLVE ANYTHING
OR GET YOU
YOUR ANSWERS.
WHAT DO I DO?
YOU TRUST ME TO
FIGURE THINGS OUT.
[GRUNTS]
GOODWIN!!!!!!!!!!